
    girl at a mirror norman rockwell

https://www.dailyartmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/Norman-Rockwell-Girl-at-Mirror-1954-1.jpg
 
 
introduction

1.
a. we can see a miror and a little girl who as a magazine on her legs, she is sitting on a red box, there is a broom, a lipstick, a brush next to her next to the miror there is a doll
b. the little girl is intriguet by her reflexion, because she is trying to do the same hair cut that she see in the magazine and tried to her self.
 



2.
a. the girl is curious about her reflexion, she is feeling very sad beacause she dindn't make the samehair cut that is in the magazine
b. she is maybe trying to look like the picture on her legs and have the same haircut with the brush next to her
c. For me the little girl is trying to look like the woman in the magazine
 
3.
a. it a portray of a girl who is worry about her look, this painting is the image of a young woman beacause for me the woman we see in the magazine is the little girl but older. Or because she is doing her own things that she want to have.

b. today the girls use social media for compare themselves to other while at the time the girls compare with magazine. Todays girl are more likely to compare themselves to other than back in the days then it was only one mode and everyone should respected it to look cool or just with a identity, if you had something that was orginal everybody would make fun of you for being diffrent

c. We can learn that in our society that the girls  haves a "dress code" for be importante, and that the "dress code" represent how you are, if you are famous, or anythings else. The dress code is for the little girl the thing that is th most important for her.




4. 

In the painting, the girl sits on a red stoul. She is in front a big mirror and she look her reflection.On her knees, there is a magazine with a  actress. We can see that she compares herself with the woman in the magazine.

She holds her face with her hands, comparing herself to the magazine photograph as if she is transitioning from child to adult. Back in the days looking just like a celebrity means that you had a personality, that you must have. The little girl seems depresed because she don't really like the hair cut but she as to do it or she will be moque by the other girls or childrens for being diffrent than everybody. So the little girl is filling lonely with the hair cut that she has, beacause for me she don't like it. The self reflection that you have is telling a lot of things about you if you have dirty clothes than the other would thinks that you are dirty or poor just by that, so in the past and  even today the self reflection is something to be worried about. 

""
image : 

https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/gg/AMW1TPq9eM8C8WsKcCESMHj4Ws64thhuvSvKkwQl2-UPvWK10WztXtosiGQvSLVaP_jZta2KYXEs1eEYNXiXYySJz4TRpS61ZugSUTbJZ4Yae5fRHcTOyPcs9R0nIDVkPOuOEKQrycqa--lsruYTZtgUCsR1HRaHqN9ib1NnXZkCGu2cPH56oM0wgIhUD2s_c0jvysnFDs3nrqjYi2aw61hdrb3KpL4k0ENELIRb1PEdy_GqbigQBKqpOK1MICODMnQj57Wv0vaHcS2esL5aJwBIRiZYQoN8NNnNZPsGuB27HRkJyHcqt0ME6hLWCR8eJZnLvxdIy3uBXR5YgEMuzt0J-5z4=s1024-rj-mp2


pprompt : 

"Oil painting in the style of Norman Rockwell. A young girl looks in a mirror, but her reflection is shattered into multiple pieces, each piece showing a different emotion: one crying, one laughing, one angry, one dreaming. Warm lighting, very detailed textures, theme of identity." 

""